[[dupicken_a-1_125, dupicken_a-1_126]]

(96)
...
Henry McCray & James Magsey to Asa Sanford
S.C. Pickens Dist.
Know all men by these 
Presents that I Henry McCray of South carolina 
in the aforesaid Dist. in Consideration of Fifty
Dollars which Asa Sanford of the said State
and district has signed a certain Note of hand for Given by the 
said McCray to William Clark of the said State and district a
security for said Clarke I have herein Granted Bargained and Sold
unto the Said Asa Sanford his heirs certain attorney executors
administrators and assigns a negro boy Named Oliver in his
fifth year of age and I and my heirs executors administrators
and assigns Shall and do by this instrument renounce all
right and title to the said negro boy and I and my heirs 
executors & administrators shall forever Warrant and defend
the said Property from every person Lawfully claiming or 
to Claim the said Property or any part the value thereof
allowing the privalege of the Said property to be removed by
said McCray into the State of Alabama there to remain
until said note becomes due and if not Paid to be given
up to said Asa Sanford but if said note is paid by the
appointed time free of all expense to said Asa Sanford
then and in such can this instrument and every sentence
and Clause herein specified Shall be utterly null and void
to all intents and purposes in testimony Whereof the said
Henry McCray hath here unto set his hand and seal this 
Twelfth day of February in the year of our Lord one thousa

(97)
nd eight Hundred & Twenty Eight Sealed & delivered 
in the Presents of 
Squire Mason								H McCray (LS)
J.B. Burks
this is to Certify that I James Magsey of Pickens District
in the State of South carolina herein bind myself to see the 
fore Mentioned Negro boy oliver Delivered up to the siad 
Asa Sanford of the aforesaid State & district or to his heirs
executors administrators or assigns in case of the neglect of the 
said McCray or his heirs executors administrators or assigns to
pay the said note of fifty Dollars to the said William Clarkes or 
to his order heirs or assigns by the appointed time -- 
In testimony whereof the Magsey hath here to set his hand
& seal this twelfth day of February in the year of Our Lord one
thousand eight hundred & Twenty eight
Jist Squire Mason							James Magsey (LS)
J.B. Burke
S.C. Picken District Personally John B. Burke appeared
before me the subscribing justice and being duly sworn
made oath that he did see Henry McCray and James Massey
sign the within Mortgage and agreement unto Asa
Sanford for the use purposes and intents within mentioned
and also that Squire Mason did sign a subscribing witness
with him self sworn to and subscribed this twenty first
day of Feby A D 1829 				(Interlined before Signed)
										JB Burke
Wm Barton J.B.							J.B. Burke
Recorded the 9th March 1829 and Examined
								William L. Hilth
								C C & R M C 



[[dupicken_a-1_141]]

(112)
Richard Gaines to Reuben Gaines
State of So. Carolina
Pickens District
Know all
men by these 
Presents that I Richard Gaines of 
the State and district aforesaid for the love and affection
I bear for my son Reuben Gaines and being in a law state 
of helth for and in Consideration of the Maintainance of 
my family and the Tuition of my three children Mary Gains
Enoch G. Gains Elisha Gains do give five negroes by name Rachel
Sealah Abraham Lydia and Clark one wagin my Stock of
Cattle and horses all my house hold and Kitchen furniture my 
plantation tools To have and to hold all the above named
property unto the aforesaid Reuben Gains His heirs and assigns
forever and I do hereby bind myself my heirs to warrant and 
forever defend the aforesaid property unto the aforesaid 
Reuben Gaines and to his heirs provided he complies with 
the above conditions against myself my heirs or any person
Whomsoever in Witness Whereof I set my hand and affix
my seal this fifteenth of Oct. Eighteen hundred and Twenty
Eight in presence of us
William Oliver						Rich. Gaines (SEAL)
Albert Arnold
State of So. Carolina
Pickens District
Personally come Albert Arnold before
me James Gaines one of the Justice of the 
Peace and made Oath that he saw Richard Gains sign
seal and his Act and diad deliver the within for the purposes
therein contained and that Wm. Oliver did sign as a 
Witness with himself to the due Execution of the same Sworn
to this 7th of March 1829
before me Jas. Gains L.W.					Robert Arnold
Recorded the 10th March 1829 and Examined
							William L. Keith		
							C. C. & R. M. C. 
							
							

[[dupicken_a-1_200]]

(175)
...
John S. Edwards to Roda T. Latham
The State of South Carolina
Pickens District
Know all by these
presents that I John 
S. Edwards of the Same State and district aforesaid
for and in consideration of the salusal good love and affection which I bear
to my daughter Roda T. Latham have given and granted unto the said
Roda T. Latham her heirs executors administrators and assigns one Negro
girl about Eight years of age by the name of Mary one sorrel horse named
anthony one Feather bed and furniture bed slead and cord one Cow
and calf one saw and piggs one pine table six splite bottom chears one
small trunk to have and to hold to hear owen sehret youse and behoff and the
Lawfull Jysues of hear body unto her and her ishu or hares of her body thene
and their executors and administrators and assigns against the claims of the 
said John S. Edwards my executors administrators and assigns and from 
every other person or persons Whomsoever shall lawfully claim the same or
any part and will warrant and forever defend the same in testimony whereof
I have hereunto set my hand and Fixed my seal the second day of September
one thousand Eighteen hundred and Twenty Nine and in the Fifty fourth 
year of the Suvunety and independence of the united States of america
Signed Sealed and delivered in presents of us
G.W. Hawkins  David mack Donald 					John S. Edwards (Seal)
The State of South carolina
Pickens District
Personally appeared George W. Hawkins before
me and made oath that he saw John S. Edwards
Sign Seal and deliver the within deed of gift to his daughter Roda T. Latham
for the use and purpose within mentioned and david Donald with himself
witnessed the due Execution of the same Sworn to the 7th September 1820				G W Hawkins
Recorded the 7th Sept. 1829 and Examined William L. Hilth C. C. & R. M. C. 	



[[dupicken_a-1_225]]	

(200)
Jeremiah Field to His Children
South Carolina
Pickens District
Know all men by these presents 
that I Jeremiah Field of the 
Sd. State and district in concideration of the Natural
Love and affection which I bear unto my Children that is to say 
Malinda A. Field James M. Field Elijah M. Field and Elias E. Field
and also for other Good causes and Conciderations me the said Jeremiah 
Field hereunto moved have given granted and confirmed unto the
above named Children that is to say to Malinda Ann Field and to the
heirs of her body one Negroe girl named Naneo and one Negro boy named
Sam and to Elijah Murphy Field and Elias Earle Field two Negroe
boys one named David and the other named Aaron and the right
of the Sd. Negroes to be vested in the sd. children as represented by these
presents as they become of age in whosoever hands custidy or
possession they may be To have and to hold unto the said children
their heirs executors administrators and assigns to their only proper use
benefit and behoof of the Said Children forever and I the sd. Jeremiah
Field do bind myself my heirs executors and administrators firmly
by these presents to warrant and forever defend the same un to the
sd. children as above represented in witness whereof I have hereunto
set my hand and affixed my seal this Thirtieth of December
one thousand eight hundred and Twenty eight and in the
fifty third year of America independency Signed Sealed and
acknowledged in the presents of 			Jeremiah Field (Seal)
Thos. Garvin  Thos. D. Garvin
The State of South Carolina
Pickens District
Personally appeared Thomas Garvin
before me and made Oath that he saw Jeremiah Field sign
seal and acknowledge the within Deed of Gift to Malinda
A. Field James M. Field Elijah M. Field and Elias E. Field for 
the use and purposes within mentioned and that Thomas D.
Garvin witto himself witnessed the due execution of the 
samr sworn to the 2nd Nov. 1829 -- 			Thos. Garvin
before me William L. Keith C C & Exoff Lu
Recorded the 2nd Nov. 1829 and Examined
William L. Keith C.C. & R.M.O


[[dupicken_a-1_310, dupicken_a-1_311, dupicken_a-1_312, dupicken_a-1_313, dupicken_a-1_314, & dupicken_a-1_315]]	

(285)
...
Thomas Lee W.F. Lee Thos. Pickens and Kezia A. Miles 
to Patrick Noble
Marriage Settlement 
State of South Carolina
This Indenture Tripartite made on the 
Nineteenth day of April in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred thirty Between the Honorable Thomas Lee and Doctor
William F. Lee next friends and guardians specially appointed by the
will of the father of Kezia Ann Miles daughter of Jeremiah Miles late of
of H. Pacils Parish in the district of Colleton and state aforesaid deceased
and the said Kezia Ann Miles of the first part Thomas Pickens of Pendleton
District and State aforesaid of the second part and Patrick Noble of Abbeville
District in the state aforesaid Trustee named and Chosen by the parties
aforesaid to effectuate the settlement of the third part Whereas with Gods
permission a marriage is shortly to be had and solemnized between the
said Thomas Pickens and Kezia Ann Miles and whereas the said Kezia
Ann Miles is entitled under the will of her father to a portion of his Estate
(286)
And Whereas the said Jeremiah Miles did in and by his last will and
Testament give devise and bequeath his Estate as follows "My property real
and personal at a moderate calculation I value at sixty thousand Dollars
This I conceive ought to produce legal Interest I desire that my Executions and 
Executrix herein after named or such of them as shall quatify do Keep my
property together and plant my lands for four years if the produce of the 
four years crops should amount to the legal Interest of sixty thousand Dollars
for four years then it is my desire that my property still be Kept Together
as long as it shall in each and every four years successively thereafter produce
such legal Interest until my sons attain the age of Twenty one years but
if my property shall not in the first four years after my decease or in any
four years thereafter produce the amount of Legal Interest on sixty thous
and Dollars then and in such case I desire that the whole of my Estate real and
personal shall be sold to the highest bidder or bidders on such terms as my
Executors may think best for the interest of my Estate and the proceeds of
such sale I desire to be invested in such Funds or stock as my said Executors
may deem most advantageous the interest and proceeds of such funds or stock
dividends thereon to be for the use and benefit of my heirs for their support
so that the principal shall not be injured the same to be observed whilst my
property is Kept Together the proceeds of crops paying all expenses and the
balance if any to be funded as I do not wish my planting Interest increased
by purchase even in case it should prove productive. Should it be necessary
to sell my Estate then I give devise and bequeath unto my wife Ann J. Miles
one fourth part of the proceeds of the sale thereof for her sole use forever and the
residence I give devise and bequeath unto my daughter Kezia and sons John 
and Jeremiah equally share and share alike my daughters share to be given her
on her marriage or attaining the age of Twenty one years my sons shares to be
delivered to them as they severally attain the age of Twenty one year but if it
shall not be necessary to sell my Estate the same producing the interest required
then I give devise and bequeath the whole of my personal property to my wife
and children to be equally divided between them share and share alike my
wife to have and receive her share thereof on the day of her marriage in case she
marries again and should she not marry again she is to receive it on my Daughters
marriage or attaining the age of twenty one years my daughter is to receive
her share thereof on her marriage or attaining the age of Twenty one years
and sons to receive their shares thereof on their severally attaining the age
of Twenty one years I give the use of my plantation whereon I at present reside
should it not be necessary to sell the same to my wife until she marries
again or dies and from and after her marriage or death I give devise
(287)
and bequeath the said plantation unto my son Jeremiah and his heirs forever
Should he be there living I give devise and bequeath to my son John my other
plantation called Leseinboro (should it not be necessary to sell the same) to
him and his heirs forever as soon as he attains the age of Twenty one years
Should either of my children die without issue I give devise and bequeathe
unto the survivor or survivors of them the share or shares of my Estate
herein devised to such deceased child or children and my Wife is to take
no part of such deceased child or childrens share by right of inheritance
and should all of my children die without Issue then I give devise and 
bequeath the one half of my property herein devised to my children to my
wife and her heirs forever and the other half I give devise and bequeath unto my
sister if then living and in case of their death to their children share and share
alike forever. If my sons take the lands bequeathed to them then in such case
they must pay to their sister Kezia Two Thousand Dollars on the day they shall
take possession there of and on their refusing to do so it is my will and desire
that the said Two plantations shall be sold and the proceeds there of be equal
lly divided between my sons and daughter. I desire that my children
may receive good education. I wish that my sons should be classically educ
ated after which I desire that my sons John and Jeremiah shall have the
benefit of some profession or trade which they may choose and of which
they must make themselves fully masters if possible For the purpose and
purposes aforesaid my Executors & Executrix and guardians of my said sons
are to draw upon the proceeds of my property It is presumed that the successes
of Interest or income which will arise in the early period of life will be
sufficient to effect the purpose or meet the expenses now rendered necessary
but if the surplus accruing during this time of puberty not be sufficient
when added to the proceeds or dividends for the time being then and in
that case the deficiency must be supplied from the said childs share or the
respective shares of those who are thus receiving the profession or trade aforesaid
It is my desire that whatever property my Daughter shall receive by this
my will shall be settled on her previous to her marriage  The property Given 
my wife is in lieu of all Dower in my lands. I nominate and appointed
William Postell, Prep M. Smith and Thomas Boone of St. Batholomews
my Executors and Ann J. Miles Executrix of this will as trustees and
Guardians to my children I appoint James Lee my Nephew William
Lee and Thomas Smith Junior of Stono to see that they are properly Educa
ted and the object and intention of my will fulfilled in this aspect and 
whereas the executors and Executrix therein named did not sell any 
part of the estate and the same will therefore be subject to the division
and allotment directed by the said Will and where or the testator in
(288)
and by the said will as before recited did direct his Daughters Portion
to be settled upon her previous to marriage and Wheras there are sunday
debts still due by the Estate amounting to three thousand one hundred
and Twenty one Dollars for which the Guardian Thomas Lee has Gioia
his Nates endorsed by the factors of the Estate Mep vs Wragg Meddleton and company
which have been discounted in the State Bank and whereas these are
now belonging to the estate one hundred and thirteen slaves as appears by
schedule annexed to the deed which cannot be divided before an order
can be obtained from the court of Equity at their next session for that
purpose and whereas by the will herein before recited the lands belong
ing to the said Estate are directed when the sons of the testator John and 
Jeremiah Miles attain the age of twenty one years to be vested in thine
on condition that they pay to their sister Kezia Ann Miles the sum
of two thousand Dollars each and on noncompliance with
such condition to be sold and the proceeds divided between the
the brothers and sister Now This Indenture Witnesseth that in pursu
aneo of the above recited premises and in concideration of one Dollar to thereo
paid by the said Patrick Noble the said Thomas Lee and William F. Lee
with the privity consent and concurrence of the said Thomas Pickens
and Kezia Ann Miles testified by this joining in the execution of these
present have bargained & sold and by these presents do bargain and sell to
the said Patrick Noble all the share of the Estate of the Estate of the said
Jeremiah Miles which the said Kezia Ann Miles is or hereafter shall be 
entitled to have and to hold the said share or Portion of the said Kezia Ann
Miles under the will of her said Father (more particularly described in the 
schedule hereunto annexed) and made a part of this deed unto the said
Patrick Noble trustee as foresaid his heirs Executors and administrators
in trust never the less to for and upon the uses trusts and limitations declared
in the will of the said Jeremiah Miles and herein before recited.
Provided that in case hereafter it should become expedient it shall and 
may be lawful to and for the said Thomas Pickens and Kezia Ann
Miles when and as often as may be thought proper by and with the 
advise and consent of the said Patrick Noble - his successors or trustee
as aforesaid or in the event of the death of any trustee then without the
advise or consent of any Executor or administrator of such deceased
trustee in and by only deed duly executed in the presence of two witnesses
under the hand and seal of the said Thomas Pickens and Kezia
Ann Miles to constitute nominate and appoint another trustee or
or other trustees in the place and stead of the said Patrick Noble - 
or his successor or successors or trustee or trustees as aforesaid and the
(289)
successor or successors or trustee or trustees last appointed or declaring 
in writing his her or their assent to such appointment shall and will
possess and enjoy all the Powers rights privaliges and authority and be 
subject to the duties liabilities and responsibilities of the said Patrick Noble
trustee as aforesaid and the person or persons formerly trustee or trustees
in whose place and stead a new Trustee or Trustees shall be appointed
and confirmed shall be fourthwith herefrom forever exonerated
and discharged - In Witness Whereof of said parties have
to these presents interchangably set their hand and seals on the day
and in the year first above Written
Sealed and delivered in the presents of					Thomas Lee (Seal)
The word eighteen on the eighth line from
the bottom of the second page being 					Wm. F Lee (Seal)
first erased & the word thirteen enlerlined
before Execution							Thomas J. Pickens (Seal)
Josephino A Smith
Sarah Dickenson								Kezia Ann Miles (Seal)
Thos. H. Harris
Witness the Execution of this deed					Patrick Noble (Seal)
by Patrick Noble
J. Edward Colhoun
Floride Colhoun

Negroes belonging to Est. J Miles March 1830					Sibby
Violet		Evelina		Lizzy		Lydia		Joshua		Derry
Anya		Donoho		Betty		Sophy		Abraham		Isaac
Cuffy		Phyllis		Ishmael		Nates		Andrew		Molly
Joe		Dick		Sancho		Mark		Luomauo		Tommy
Mary		Cate		Billy		Milley		Joe		Ben
Pompey		Isaac		Cesar		Phabe		Mary		Juba
Phyllis		Luoquo		Ceila		Moll		Jane		Scilla
Bing		Cuffy		Joe		Lucy		Prined		Mary
Violet		Sandy		Renty		Adam		Rose		Hercules
Monday		Clarissa	June		Cysar		Brano		Pugsy
London		Peter		Daphne		Hannah		Hardtinees	John
Binah		Hannah		Cecila		Bob		Affy		Joan
Primus		Melissa		Cate		Aney		Harry		Tener
Venus		Peter		Adam		an infant	Amelia		Friday
Tener		Phyllis		Henry		chance March 	Comsee		an infant
Minqo		31.		Nanny		Hector		Gracy		Cuffy
						33				 03
(290)
Luornana	Lymus		With Gadsden
Miley		Tino		''  Lee
Edward		Sam		''  Smith
Shadrae		Will
Benah		Moses -- With Mr. Schucirle Carpenter
Lewis		Garrel -- With Mr. Fordham Blacksmith
Syke		Rose
Cyrey		Dina -- 113 Negroes in all 
The above list is correct the'. in many instances you will see 
three of the same name 

Four of the Negroes stricken out of this Schedule viz. Cesar Hann
ah Patsy and Sally were not the property of the late Jeremiah
Miles and therefor not subject to the limitations in his Will
The fellow Abram is the property of Miss Miles Given to her by 
her Grandmother ----- 

State of South Carolina
Abbeville District
Personally appeared before me the subscr
ibing Justice J. Edward Colhoun who
being duly sworn did depose and say that he was Personally
present and did see the witness named Patrick Noble sign seal
and as his act and deed deliver the within deed for the purposes
within mentioned and that the deponent together with Floride
Colhoun did subscribe their names as witness thereto
sworn to and subscribed this 24th day 		J. Edward Colhoun
of May before me 
	Moses Taggart D.L.
	
State of South Carolina
Anderson District
Personally appeared before me the sub
scribing Justice Thos. H Harris who being
duly sworn did depose and say that he was Personally present
and did see the within named Thomas Lee and William Lee
Thomas J. Pickens and Kezia Ann Miles Sign Seal and as their
act and deed deliver the within deed for the purposes within
mentioned and that the deponent with Josephine A Smith
and Sarah Dickenson did subscribe their names as witnesses
thereto sworn to and subscribed this 17th day of June 1830
before me George E W Foster		Thos. H. Harry
     146   Notary Publee & Exoff Lh
Recorded the 17th June 1830		and Examined by
				    William Keith cc & R m e 
											
											

[[dupicken_a-1_391, dupicken_a-1_392, dupicken_a-1_393]]

366
...
Isaac Jaudon to Margaret A Jaudon
The State of South Carolina
Know all men by these presents that I Isaac Jaud
on of Pickens District in the state aforesaid for
and in consideration of the natural affection love ang good will which
I have and do bear toward my Daughter Margaret Anna Jaudon
and for divers other good causes and considerations me thereunto
moving Hath given unto her and by these presents do give and deliver
unto her one negro or Mulatto boy Slave named John about Ten
years of age and one negro girl or female Slave named Maria
about fifteen years of age Together with the future issue &
increase of the said Female Slave To Have and To Hold the said 
Two Slaves with the increase of the said female to her and her 
heirs and assigns forever. And I do hereby bind myself my heirs
executors and administrators to warrant and forever defend the 
said Mulatto boy John and negro girl Maria to the said 
Margaret Anna Jaudon her heirs and assigns against myself
my heirs executors and administrators and against all persons
whomsoever claiming or to claim them or either of them. 
witness my hand and seal this second day of December in the year
of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty.
Signed sealed and delivered in the presence of 			Isaac Jaudon (Seal)
Miles M. Norton  William W. Jaudon
The State of South Carolina 	Before me personally come Miles M.
Norton and made oath that he was present and saw Isaac Jau
don sign seal & deliver the annexed Inshument of writing
for the uses & purposes therein mentioned and that he Together
with William W. Jaudon witnessed the due execution of 
(367)
the same in the presence of each other Sworn to - 2nd December 1830
before Joseph Grisham Not.Pub.& Exoff J.U.L			Miles M Norton
Pendleton S.C.
Recorded the 6th day of December 1830 & Examined by 
								William L. Keith C C & R M C
Isaac Jaudon to Paul Leneid Jaudon
The State of South Carolina
Know all men by these presents that I Issac
Jaudon of Picken District in State aforesaid for
and in consideration of the natural affection love and good will which
I have and do bear towards my son Paul Leneid Jaudon and for
divers other good causes and considerations me thereunto moving Hath
given and by these presents do freely give and deliver unto the said
Paul Leneid Jaudon one negro boy or male Slave named Henry about
nine years of age and one negro girl or female Slave named Dinah
about three years of age To Have and To Hold the said Two Slaves to
the said Paul Lenied Jaudon his heirs and assigns forever And I
do hereby bind myself my heirs Executors and administrators to
warrant and forever defend the said Two Slaves with the Issue
and increase of the said Dinah to the Paul Leneid  his heirs
and assigns against myself my heirs and against all persons whomsoever
claiming or to claim this same or either of them Witness my hand 
and seal this second day of December in the year of our Lord one
thousand eight hundred and thirty
Signed sealed and delivered in the presence of us		Issac Jaudon (Seal)
Miles M Norton William W Jaudon
The State of South Carolina   Before me Personally appeared Miles M.
Norton and made oath that he was present & saw Issac Jaudon
sign seal and deliver the foregoing instrument of writing & that he with
W.W. Jaudon witnessed the same Sworn to 2d December 1830
before Joseph Grisham N.P.&Exoff J U L Pendleton S G 
Recorded the 6th December 1830 & Examined by 
									William L. Keith c.c. & R.M.C
Issac Jaudon to Wm. W. Jaudon
The State of South Carolina
Know all men by these presents that I Issac Jaudon
of Pickens District for and in consideration of the 
natural affection love and good will which I have and do bear tow
ards my son William Washington Jaudon and for divers other good
and valuable considerations me thereunto moving Hath given and 
by these presents do give to my said son William Washington Jaudon
and put into possosseon and delivered to him one negro man or male
(368)
Slave named Luash about Twenty years of age and one negro
Girl or female Slave Ellen about Seven years of age To Have and 
To Hold the said Two negroes with the increase of the female to
him his heirs and assigns forever And I do hereby bind myself
my heirs Executors and Administrators to warrant and forever
defend the said Two Negroes with the increase or Issue of the 
Female to the said William Washington Jaudon his heirs and 
assigns forever against myself and against all manner of person
or persons claiming or to claim the same or either of them
Witness my hand and seal this second day of December 
in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty
signed sealed and delivered in the presence of    Isaac Jaudon (Seal)
Miles M. Norton  Joseph Grisham
The State of South Carolina   Before me personally come Miles
M. Norton & made oath that he was present & saw Isaac Jaudon
sign seal & deliver the foregoing instrument of Writing for the 
uses & purposes therein mentioned and that he Together with 
Joseph Grisham witnessed the due Execution of the Same Sworn 
to 20 December 1830 before me
Joseph Grisham Not Pub & Exoff  J. U. L Pendelon S.C.
Recorded the 6th day of December 1830 and Examined by
					William L. Keith c.c. & R.M.C
…


[[dupicken_a-1_413, dupicken_a-1_414]]

(388)
…
Thomas Blasengame to His Heirs
The State of South Carolina
Know all men by these presents that we George W. Hannon
of Campbell County in the State of Georgia, John E.
Blasengame, Robert E. Blasengame, Joseph A Field and William G. Field
of the district of old Pendleton and State of South Carolina being the legal 
heirs and representatives of a deed of Gift from Thomas Blasengame
(389)
to his six Children  Mary, Samuel, John, Robert, Elizabeth and Obedience Sam 
uel having since the execution of the said deed of gift Deesd. leaving leaving the other
five above named his Lawful & only heirs which deed of Gift was executed 
the fifth day of August 1811 and recorded in the Clerks Office of Pendleton Dis
trict SoCa in Book L. Page 180 and certified for the 20th day of Septr. 1811
Now therefore be it known that we Geo. W. Hannon, John E. Blasengame Robert
E. Blasengame Joseph A Field and William G. Field the five lawful heirs above 
mentioned and sole representatives of the above mentioned deed of Gift have
from mutual consent and special confirmation among ourselves agreed on
the following division of the Negroes and their Increase contained in the above 
mentioned deed of Gift. (viz) George W. Hannon to have, Daniel Hannah
Jafse & Joseph, Rit. Jefse & Erns, Haley Jefse, and Flora. John E. Blasengame to have
Joseph, James or Brum Seller Eliza Amy Raney Harriet Tom Baylis Abram and 
Lauisa  Robert E Blasengame to have Henry Milly Ben Manuel Carnelas
Carolina Maria Winney and Lewis - Joseph A Field to have Maurning Emetilia
Elizabeth Caroline, Buck Lawrence Rebecca, Clary, Alfred, James and Sarah -
William G Field to have Chany, Bridget, Aaron, Ann, John, Elias, Louisa Annis
Lucy, Frankey Lawrence and Caroline  The division of Property above specified
we and each of us do hereby bind ourselves our heirs Executors and administrators
to abide and confirm forever absolutely in law and in Equity giving and granting
to each other the separate and sole control of their proportion of the negroes as
above specified In testimony whereof we have hereunto set our hands and seals
this twenty seventh day of August in the year of our Lord one thousand eight
hundred and thirty
Signed sealed and acknowledged in the presence of 		George W Hannon (Seal)
Thomas Gibson							John E. Blasengame (Seal)
Nicholas Tripp							R.E. Blasengame (Seal)
Wm. Holcombe							Joseph A. Field (Seal)
								W.G. Field (Seal)
State of South Carolina
Anderson District
Personally appeared Thomas Gibson before me James
Douthit one of the Justices of the Luorum in and for the 
District aforesaid and being sworn in due form of law and on his oath said 
that he saw Geo. W. Hannon John E. Blasengame Robert E. Blasengame Joseph 
A. Field and Wm. G Field each of them sign their names acknowledge
their seals and deliver the within deed of Settlement for the within mentioned
purpose and that Nicholas Tripp and Wm. Holcombe did subscribe their names
with himself as witness to the same sworn and subscribed unto before me
this 18th day of November 1830			Thomas Gibson
J.Douthit J.D.
Recorded the 7th day of February 1831 and examined by
				William L. Keith c.c.&R.M.C



[[dupicken_a-1_439, dupicken_a-1_440]]


(414)
…
Catharine Humphreis to Rebecca Thomas
South Carolina 
Pickens County or District
Know all men by these presents 
that I Catherine Humphreis of 
the State & District aforesaid for & in consideration of the love and affection
cohech I bear unto my daughter Rebecah Thomas of the same place & null
in consideration of the sum of five dollars to me in hand paid have this 
day bargained sold conveyed & delivered unto the said Rebecah
Thomas her heirs & assigns a certain Negro woman by the name of myse
or Mize about thirty or thirty five year old To have and to hold said 
(413)
Negro to said Rebecah her heirs & assigns forever And I do hereby warrant
& defend said Negro to said Rebecah her heirs & assigns against the claim of my
self my heirs & all other persons whatever In testimony whereof I have hereunto
set my hand & affixed my seal this 19th day of February 1831 –   his
Signed Sealed & delivered in the presence of us		Catharine X Humphreys (Seal)
Marshal Morton  Anderson Smith					 mark
South Carolina 
Pickens District
Personally come Marshal Morton before me the subsc
ribing Justice and made oath in due form that he did see
Catharine Humphries execute the within bill sale to Rebecah Thomas and that
Anderson Smith with himself witnessed the same sworn to and subscri
bed before me this 14th of March 1831 –			Marshal Morton
Jas. Osborn J.D.
Recorded the 14th day of March 1831 and Examined by 
				      William L. Keith c.c.&R.M.C.


